README.md, before:

# Introduction to DAO

DAOventures is a DeFi robo-advisor and automated money manager for decentralized finance (DeFi). With smart contracts and automated robo-traders, DAOventures invest in the best performing DeFi assets for most optimized return.

Imagine a fund manager (VC) on DeFi. Pooled investment fund based on Ethereum’s smart-contract that automatically invests in decentralized finance protocols and generates returns for liquidity providers (LP).

## Core Products

### Yield Farming

Generate yield simply by choosing a portfolio. Choose from a range of different yield farming strategies from low risk low reward, to high risk high reward.

## Contract Addresses
Notes: 
1. TUSD in Kovan network need to invoke <b>mint</b> method from the token contract [0xf0a112a9Da3CaE4668270729C3d5917b6cb79564](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xf0a112a9da3cae4668270729c3d5917b6cb79564) yourself.
2. USDT, DAI and USDC in Kovan network can be obtained from the faucet from Withdraw section of the token from [https://app.compound.finance/](https://app.compound.finance/).

### Token Address

| Token | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DVG   | [0x51e00a95748DBd2a3F47bC5c3b3E7B3F0fea666c](https://etherscan.io/address/0x51e00a95748DBd2a3F47bC5c3b3E7B3F0fea666c) | [0xea9726eFc9831EF0499fD4Db4Ab143F15a797673](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xea9726eFc9831EF0499fD4Db4Ab143F15a797673) |
| DVD   | [0x77dcE26c03a9B833fc2D7C31C22Da4f42e9d9582](https://etherscan.io/address/0x77dcE26c03a9B833fc2D7C31C22Da4f42e9d9582) | [0x6639c554A299D58284e36663f609a7d94526fEC0](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x6639c554A299D58284e36663f609a7d94526fEC0) |

### vipDVG
| Contracts | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| xDVG   | [0xD6Ce913C3e81b5e67a6b94d705d9E7cDdf073A7e](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD6Ce913C3e81b5e67a6b94d705d9E7cDdf073A7e) | [0x3aa8e8B6D3562a1E7aCB0dddD02b27896C00c424](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x3aa8e8B6D3562a1E7aCB0dddD02b27896C00c424) |
| xDVD   | [0x1193c036833B0010fF80a3617BBC94400A284338](https://etherscan.io/address/0x1193c036833B0010fF80a3617BBC94400A284338) |  [0x4bb18f377a9D2dD62a6af7D78f6e7673E0e0f648](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x4bb18f377a9D2dD62a6af7D78f6e7673E0e0f648) ||
| DVGUniBot   | [0x161793275aEB70030239A2e176669B73AC8Fc41f](https://etherscan.io/address/0x161793275aEB70030239A2e176669B73AC8Fc41f) | [0xe69A6b578bDe7C8E1Ab5D38cBe988F0d54F1B312](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xe69A6b578bDe7C8E1Ab5D38cBe988F0d54F1B312) |

### DAOstake
| Contracts | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DAOstake   | [0x8437a6bf9235fD003d50cD4024Fa7Ec6979208d5](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8437a6bf9235fD003d50cD4024Fa7Ec6979208d5) | [0xd8F59a99acfc597fEB84914fEf3769DEf87E7553](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xd8F59a99acfc597fEB84914fEf3769DEf87E7553) |

### Upgrade Token
| Contracts | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Upgrade   | [0x61FfA596ABBbA47fE6014bDa91F894B2Dae6dE05](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61FfA596ABBbA47fE6014bDa91F894B2Dae6dE05) | [0xC314f6527DAC85AcdfE222Cb410133aB6fc09009](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xC314f6527DAC85AcdfE222Cb410133aB6fc09009) |

### Yearn Fighter

#### Vaults

| Vaults                | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| YearnFighter USDT | [0x4F0C1c9bA6B9CCd0BEd6166e86b672ac8EE621F7](https://etherscan.io/address/0x4F0C1c9bA6B9CCd0BEd6166e86b672ac8EE621F7) | [0x6B150E9BD70E216775c8b73270E64e870a3110c1](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x6B150E9BD70E216775c8b73270E64e870a3110c1) |
| YearnFighter USDC | [0x9f0230FbDC0379E5FefAcca89bE03A42Fec5fb6E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x9f0230FbDC0379E5FefAcca89bE03A42Fec5fb6E) | [0x6E15e283dc430eca010Ade8b11b5B377902d6e56](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x6E15e283dc430eca010Ade8b11b5B377902d6e56) |
| YearnFighter DAI  | [0x2bFc2Da293C911e5FfeC4D2A2946A599Bc4Ae770](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2bFc2Da293C911e5FfeC4D2A2946A599Bc4Ae770) | [0x2428bFD238a3632552B343297c504F60283009eD](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x2428bFD238a3632552B343297c504F60283009eD) |
| YearnFighter TUSD | [0x2C8de02aD4312069355B94Fb936EFE6CFE0C8FF6](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2C8de02aD4312069355B94Fb936EFE6CFE0C8FF6) | [0xEcCb98c36bfc8c49c6065d1cD90bcf1c6F02D4AD](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xEcCb98c36bfc8c49c6065d1cD90bcf1c6F02D4AD) |

#### Strategies

| Strategies        | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Yearn-Farmer USDT | [0x3DB93e95c9881BC7D9f2C845ce12e97130Ebf5f2](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3DB93e95c9881BC7D9f2C845ce12e97130Ebf5f2) | [0x31324c1c0bB6B4B6f8102AcB8346b065307926fa](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x31324c1c0bB6B4B6f8102AcB8346b065307926fa) |
| Yearn-Farmer USDC | [0x4A9dE4dA5eC67E1dbc8e18F26E178B40D690A11D](https://etherscan.io/address/0x4A9dE4dA5eC67E1dbc8e18F26E178B40D690A11D) | [0xE77Ad5E2c4E7143fDBaC6a4dDe891727fc395c75](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xE77Ad5E2c4E7143fDBaC6a4dDe891727fc395c75) |
| Yearn-Farmer DAI  | [0x3685fB7CA1C555Cb5BD5A246422ee1f2c53DdB71](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3685fB7CA1C555Cb5BD5A246422ee1f2c53DdB71) | [0x8615dFB5B53e9Ddb3751fbc3fC59512d4ABA9A22](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x8615dFB5B53e9Ddb3751fbc3fC59512d4ABA9A22) |
| Yearn-Farmer TUSD | [0xA6F1409a259B21a84c8346ED1B0826D656959a54](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA6F1409a259B21a84c8346ED1B0826D656959a54) | [0xF64674Cfc6597D597275144a1A746DAd564b0fcd](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xF64674Cfc6597D597275144a1A746DAd564b0fcd) |

### Compound Fighter

#### Vaults

| Vaults             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| CompoundFighter USDT | [0xEeCe6AD323a93d4B021BDAaC587DCC04b5cf0a78](https://etherscan.io/address/0xEeCe6AD323a93d4B021BDAaC587DCC04b5cf0a78) | [0x5d102E0Bdf2037899E1FF2E8cc50987108533c52](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x5d102E0Bdf2037899E1FF2E8cc50987108533c52)  |
| CompoundFighter USDC | [0xd1D7f950899C0269a7F2aad5E854cdc3a1350ba9](https://etherscan.io/address/0xd1D7f950899C0269a7F2aad5E854cdc3a1350ba9) | [0x05AB7659e6Ef9Ba1a5F790b402fD1688F01b003E](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x05AB7659e6Ef9Ba1a5F790b402fD1688F01b003E ) |
| CompoundFighter DAI  | [0x43C20638C3914Eca3c96e9cAc8ebE7d652Be45c6](https://etherscan.io/address/0x43C20638C3914Eca3c96e9cAc8ebE7d652Be45c6) | [0x47E565B1e23cdA3D6bB69e7ae398b884f5ADdc7D](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x47E565B1e23cdA3D6bB69e7ae398b884f5ADdc7D)  |

#### Strategies

| Strategies           | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Compound-Farmer USDT | [0x11Af10648ed5094f41753ccB69a2f74135697631](https://etherscan.io/address/0x11Af10648ed5094f41753ccB69a2f74135697631) | [0xA5c956AeF6a21C986665de9CF889EF36613c7d5E](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xA5c956AeF6a21C986665de9CF889EF36613c7d5E) |
| Compound-Farmer USDC | [0x89bE389b0529CA3187B6e81e689496cB3Bad8557](https://etherscan.io/address/0x89bE389b0529CA3187B6e81e689496cB3Bad8557) | [0x3Add8a9d3176c4B30DdDEeabABf9CA5cC3d49944](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x3Add8a9d3176c4B30DdDEeabABf9CA5cC3d49944) |
| Compound-Farmer DAI  | [0x0C5cff1C9Ec7Ce8e28998503471B19c848c5a581](https://etherscan.io/address/0x0C5cff1C9Ec7Ce8e28998503471B19c848c5a581) | [0xB951976a7d79FD8A589a7CA9753641380F5C1aB4](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xB951976a7d79FD8A589a7CA9753641380F5C1aB4) |

### Harvest Fighter

#### Factory
| Factory             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DAOVault Factory | [0xFA47af8673BB5bee55ddcB11593ADa02271844f5](https://etherscan.io/address/0xFA47af8673BB5bee55ddcB11593ADa02271844f5) |  |
| HarvestFarmer Factory | [0x09dECff4E7c063B872C606b29573e2D97E37C76E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x09dECff4E7c063B872C606b29573e2D97E37C76E) |  |
| DAOVault Template | [0xa08F32683cf80660780321DCD3e134048addc630](https://etherscan.io/address/0xa08F32683cf80660780321DCD3e134048addc630) |  |
| HarvestFarmer Template | [0xf7f0059CE41B1aaDa149b4BF30c53648Fdb86CC0](https://etherscan.io/address/0xf7f0059CE41B1aaDa149b4BF30c53648Fdb86CC0) |  |


#### Vaults

| Vaults             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| HarvestFighter USDT | [0x2Cc1507E6E3C844EEb77Db90d193489f1Ddfb299](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2Cc1507E6E3C844EEb77Db90d193489f1Ddfb299) | [0x35880615bb18DA592FF0fEb0940ADE2c02249715](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x35880615bb18DA592FF0fEb0940ADE2c02249715)  |
| HarvestFighter USDC | [0xd0f0858578C7780f2D65f6d81BC7DdBe166367cC](https://etherscan.io/address/0xd0f0858578C7780f2D65f6d81BC7DdBe166367cC) | [0x68b1C860300c4f7d577f08D8B3c3AEe23887b280](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x68b1C860300c4f7d577f08D8B3c3AEe23887b280 ) |
| HarvestFighter DAI  | [0xE4E6Ce7c1D9Ff44Db27f622aCcbB0753C2f48955](https://etherscan.io/address/0xE4E6Ce7c1D9Ff44Db27f622aCcbB0753C2f48955) | [0x6D7e8fA90C1ffdC019d691BAFC18D6362FdEeCd7](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x6D7e8fA90C1ffdC019d691BAFC18D6362FdEeCd7)  |

#### Strategies

| Strategies           | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Harvest-Farmer USDT | [0x89541E3b8e8B73c108744909eA11D506B4a8E6c7](https://etherscan.io/address/0x89541e3b8e8b73c108744909ea11d506b4a8e6c7) | [0xAc783Dc15d2CF08D1e1c34e18e531a9b182277b0](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xAc783Dc15d2CF08D1e1c34e18e531a9b182277b0) |
| Harvest-Farmer USDC | [0x0AF9547974E056fca221F679DbBb7F8651407D7F](https://etherscan.io/address/0x0af9547974e056fca221f679dbbb7f8651407d7f) | [0x7DA9e06545c4Fe6556FC0990F5AFD4955379E1D2](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x7DA9e06545c4Fe6556FC0990F5AFD4955379E1D2) |
| Harvest-Farmer DAI  | [0xEf9A15025C2ED048a67c5C8019A1101172EEB51c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xef9a15025c2ed048a67c5c8019a1101172eeb51c) | [0xdfeB689aEa68F221EaAFeEEb91767003265968D6](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xdfeB689aEa68F221EaAFeEEb91767003265968D6) |

### Flagship Products

#### Vaults

| Vaults             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DAO Citadel Vault | [0x8fE826cC1225B03Aa06477Ad5AF745aEd5FE7066](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8fE826cC1225B03Aa06477Ad5AF745aEd5FE7066) | [0x626C25cA5b86277f395c0E40DBdF51f2a302aB43](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x626C25cA5b86277f395c0E40DBdF51f2a302aB43)  |
| DAO FAANG Stonk Vault | [0x742a85daF742cA0213B06fdAE449434E0448691E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x742a85daF742cA0213B06fdAE449434E0448691E) | [0xd6AF81E5288Be43137dEBf969D7f2C03482C8cC1](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xd6AF81E5288Be43137dEBf969D7f2C03482C8cC1)  |

#### Strategies

| Strategies           | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DAO Citadel Strategy | [0x8a00046Ab28051a952e64a886cd8961ca90A59Bd](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8a00046Ab28051a952e64a886cd8961ca90A59Bd) | [0xc9939B0b2af53E8BeCBA22ab153795e168140237](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xc9939B0b2af53E8BeCBA22ab153795e168140237) |
| DAO FAANG Stonk Strategy | [0x50B9b72bfd352327f76ae59f8878653545376e59](https://etherscan.io/address/0x50B9b72bfd352327f76ae59f8878653545376e59) | [0xC0f43B6DB13E5988C92Aa8c7c286A51f493620D4](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xC0f43B6DB13E5988C92Aa8c7c286A51f493620D4) |


### Ape

#### Vaults

| Vaults             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Elon's Ape Vault | [0x2D9a136cF87D599628BCBDfB6C4fe75Acd2A0aA8](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2D9a136cF87D599628BCBDfB6C4fe75Acd2A0aA8) | [0xf03fa8553379d872b4e2Bafbc679409Fb82604c2](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xf03fa8553379d872b4e2Bafbc679409Fb82604c2)  |
| Cuban's Ape Vault | [0x2AD9F8d4c24652Ea9F8A954F7E1FdB50a3bE1DFD](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2AD9F8d4c24652Ea9F8A954F7E1FdB50a3bE1DFD) | [0x5c304A6cB105E1BFf9805cA5CF072F1d2C3bEAC5](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x5c304A6cB105E1BFf9805cA5CF072F1d2C3bEAC5) |

#### Strategies

| Strategies           | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Elon's Ape Strategy | [0x24D281dCc7d435500669459eAA393dC5200595B1](https://etherscan.io/address/0x24D281dCc7d435500669459eAA393dC5200595B1) | [0xa4f71f88bd522b33af3ae515caafa956bd1bbfa1](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xa4f71f88bd522b33af3ae515caafa956bd1bbfa1) |
| Cuban's Ape Strategy | [0x7C0f84E9Dc6F721de21D51A490dE6E370fa01cd6](https://etherscan.io/address/0x7C0f84E9Dc6F721de21D51A490dE6E370fa01cd6) | [0x998372C8dC70833A7dC687020257302582FA5838](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x998372C8dC70833A7dC687020257302582FA5838) |

Commit message:

Update docs for instruction to get USDT, USDC and DAI in Polygon Tesnet

README.md, after:

# Introduction to DAO

DAOventures is a DeFi robo-advisor and automated money manager for decentralized finance (DeFi). With smart contracts and automated robo-traders, DAOventures invest in the best performing DeFi assets for most optimized return.

Imagine a fund manager (VC) on DeFi. Pooled investment fund based on Ethereum’s smart-contract that automatically invests in decentralized finance protocols and generates returns for liquidity providers (LP).

## Core Products

### Yield Farming

Generate yield simply by choosing a portfolio. Choose from a range of different yield farming strategies from low risk low reward, to high risk high reward.

## Contract Addresses
Notes: 
1. TUSD in Kovan network need to invoke <b>mint</b> method from the token contract [0xf0a112a9Da3CaE4668270729C3d5917b6cb79564](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xf0a112a9da3cae4668270729c3d5917b6cb79564) yourself.
2. USDT, DAI and USDC in Kovan network can be obtained from the faucet from Withdraw section of the token from [https://app.compound.finance/](https://app.compound.finance/).

Notes For Polygon:
1. USDT, USDC and DAI in Polygon Testnet (Mumbai network) can be obtained by calling <b>mint()</b> from [0x7d7a29f7E499eAB66be899A0f6F89FfC57208338](https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/0x7d7a29f7E499eAB66be899A0f6F89FfC57208338#writeContract). Please pass amount in 6 decimals for USDT and USDC , 18 decimals for DAI into mint().
| Token | Polygon Testnet Address
| ----- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| USDT  | [0xBD21A10F619BE90d6066c941b04e340841F1F989](https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/0xBD21A10F619BE90d6066c941b04e340841F1F989) |
| USDC  | [0x2058A9D7613eEE744279e3856Ef0eAda5FCbaA7e](https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/0x2058A9D7613eEE744279e3856Ef0eAda5FCbaA7e) |
| DAI   | [0x001B3B4d0F3714Ca98ba10F6042DaEbF0B1B7b6F](https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/0x001B3B4d0F3714Ca98ba10F6042DaEbF0B1B7b6F) |

### Token Address

| Token | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DVG   | [0x51e00a95748DBd2a3F47bC5c3b3E7B3F0fea666c](https://etherscan.io/address/0x51e00a95748DBd2a3F47bC5c3b3E7B3F0fea666c) | [0xea9726eFc9831EF0499fD4Db4Ab143F15a797673](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xea9726eFc9831EF0499fD4Db4Ab143F15a797673) |
| DVD   | [0x77dcE26c03a9B833fc2D7C31C22Da4f42e9d9582](https://etherscan.io/address/0x77dcE26c03a9B833fc2D7C31C22Da4f42e9d9582) | [0x6639c554A299D58284e36663f609a7d94526fEC0](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x6639c554A299D58284e36663f609a7d94526fEC0) |

### vipDVG
| Contracts | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| xDVG   | [0xD6Ce913C3e81b5e67a6b94d705d9E7cDdf073A7e](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD6Ce913C3e81b5e67a6b94d705d9E7cDdf073A7e) | [0x3aa8e8B6D3562a1E7aCB0dddD02b27896C00c424](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x3aa8e8B6D3562a1E7aCB0dddD02b27896C00c424) |
| xDVD   | [0x1193c036833B0010fF80a3617BBC94400A284338](https://etherscan.io/address/0x1193c036833B0010fF80a3617BBC94400A284338) |  [0x4bb18f377a9D2dD62a6af7D78f6e7673E0e0f648](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x4bb18f377a9D2dD62a6af7D78f6e7673E0e0f648) ||
| DVGUniBot   | [0x161793275aEB70030239A2e176669B73AC8Fc41f](https://etherscan.io/address/0x161793275aEB70030239A2e176669B73AC8Fc41f) | [0xe69A6b578bDe7C8E1Ab5D38cBe988F0d54F1B312](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xe69A6b578bDe7C8E1Ab5D38cBe988F0d54F1B312) |

### DAOstake
| Contracts | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DAOstake   | [0x8437a6bf9235fD003d50cD4024Fa7Ec6979208d5](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8437a6bf9235fD003d50cD4024Fa7Ec6979208d5) | [0xd8F59a99acfc597fEB84914fEf3769DEf87E7553](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xd8F59a99acfc597fEB84914fEf3769DEf87E7553) |

### Upgrade Token
| Contracts | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address
| ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Upgrade   | [0x61FfA596ABBbA47fE6014bDa91F894B2Dae6dE05](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61FfA596ABBbA47fE6014bDa91F894B2Dae6dE05) | [0xC314f6527DAC85AcdfE222Cb410133aB6fc09009](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xC314f6527DAC85AcdfE222Cb410133aB6fc09009) |

### Yearn Fighter

#### Vaults

| Vaults                | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| YearnFighter USDT | [0x4F0C1c9bA6B9CCd0BEd6166e86b672ac8EE621F7](https://etherscan.io/address/0x4F0C1c9bA6B9CCd0BEd6166e86b672ac8EE621F7) | [0x6B150E9BD70E216775c8b73270E64e870a3110c1](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x6B150E9BD70E216775c8b73270E64e870a3110c1) |
| YearnFighter USDC | [0x9f0230FbDC0379E5FefAcca89bE03A42Fec5fb6E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x9f0230FbDC0379E5FefAcca89bE03A42Fec5fb6E) | [0x6E15e283dc430eca010Ade8b11b5B377902d6e56](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x6E15e283dc430eca010Ade8b11b5B377902d6e56) |
| YearnFighter DAI  | [0x2bFc2Da293C911e5FfeC4D2A2946A599Bc4Ae770](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2bFc2Da293C911e5FfeC4D2A2946A599Bc4Ae770) | [0x2428bFD238a3632552B343297c504F60283009eD](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x2428bFD238a3632552B343297c504F60283009eD) |
| YearnFighter TUSD | [0x2C8de02aD4312069355B94Fb936EFE6CFE0C8FF6](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2C8de02aD4312069355B94Fb936EFE6CFE0C8FF6) | [0xEcCb98c36bfc8c49c6065d1cD90bcf1c6F02D4AD](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xEcCb98c36bfc8c49c6065d1cD90bcf1c6F02D4AD) |

#### Strategies

| Strategies        | Mainnet Address                                                                                                       | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Yearn-Farmer USDT | [0x3DB93e95c9881BC7D9f2C845ce12e97130Ebf5f2](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3DB93e95c9881BC7D9f2C845ce12e97130Ebf5f2) | [0x31324c1c0bB6B4B6f8102AcB8346b065307926fa](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x31324c1c0bB6B4B6f8102AcB8346b065307926fa) |
| Yearn-Farmer USDC | [0x4A9dE4dA5eC67E1dbc8e18F26E178B40D690A11D](https://etherscan.io/address/0x4A9dE4dA5eC67E1dbc8e18F26E178B40D690A11D) | [0xE77Ad5E2c4E7143fDBaC6a4dDe891727fc395c75](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xE77Ad5E2c4E7143fDBaC6a4dDe891727fc395c75) |
| Yearn-Farmer DAI  | [0x3685fB7CA1C555Cb5BD5A246422ee1f2c53DdB71](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3685fB7CA1C555Cb5BD5A246422ee1f2c53DdB71) | [0x8615dFB5B53e9Ddb3751fbc3fC59512d4ABA9A22](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x8615dFB5B53e9Ddb3751fbc3fC59512d4ABA9A22) |
| Yearn-Farmer TUSD | [0xA6F1409a259B21a84c8346ED1B0826D656959a54](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA6F1409a259B21a84c8346ED1B0826D656959a54) | [0xF64674Cfc6597D597275144a1A746DAd564b0fcd](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xF64674Cfc6597D597275144a1A746DAd564b0fcd) |

### Compound Fighter

#### Vaults

| Vaults             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| CompoundFighter USDT | [0xEeCe6AD323a93d4B021BDAaC587DCC04b5cf0a78](https://etherscan.io/address/0xEeCe6AD323a93d4B021BDAaC587DCC04b5cf0a78) | [0x5d102E0Bdf2037899E1FF2E8cc50987108533c52](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x5d102E0Bdf2037899E1FF2E8cc50987108533c52)  |
| CompoundFighter USDC | [0xd1D7f950899C0269a7F2aad5E854cdc3a1350ba9](https://etherscan.io/address/0xd1D7f950899C0269a7F2aad5E854cdc3a1350ba9) | [0x05AB7659e6Ef9Ba1a5F790b402fD1688F01b003E](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x05AB7659e6Ef9Ba1a5F790b402fD1688F01b003E ) |
| CompoundFighter DAI  | [0x43C20638C3914Eca3c96e9cAc8ebE7d652Be45c6](https://etherscan.io/address/0x43C20638C3914Eca3c96e9cAc8ebE7d652Be45c6) | [0x47E565B1e23cdA3D6bB69e7ae398b884f5ADdc7D](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x47E565B1e23cdA3D6bB69e7ae398b884f5ADdc7D)  |

#### Strategies

| Strategies           | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Compound-Farmer USDT | [0x11Af10648ed5094f41753ccB69a2f74135697631](https://etherscan.io/address/0x11Af10648ed5094f41753ccB69a2f74135697631) | [0xA5c956AeF6a21C986665de9CF889EF36613c7d5E](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xA5c956AeF6a21C986665de9CF889EF36613c7d5E) |
| Compound-Farmer USDC | [0x89bE389b0529CA3187B6e81e689496cB3Bad8557](https://etherscan.io/address/0x89bE389b0529CA3187B6e81e689496cB3Bad8557) | [0x3Add8a9d3176c4B30DdDEeabABf9CA5cC3d49944](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x3Add8a9d3176c4B30DdDEeabABf9CA5cC3d49944) |
| Compound-Farmer DAI  | [0x0C5cff1C9Ec7Ce8e28998503471B19c848c5a581](https://etherscan.io/address/0x0C5cff1C9Ec7Ce8e28998503471B19c848c5a581) | [0xB951976a7d79FD8A589a7CA9753641380F5C1aB4](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xB951976a7d79FD8A589a7CA9753641380F5C1aB4) |

### Harvest Fighter

#### Factory
| Factory             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DAOVault Factory | [0xFA47af8673BB5bee55ddcB11593ADa02271844f5](https://etherscan.io/address/0xFA47af8673BB5bee55ddcB11593ADa02271844f5) |  |
| HarvestFarmer Factory | [0x09dECff4E7c063B872C606b29573e2D97E37C76E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x09dECff4E7c063B872C606b29573e2D97E37C76E) |  |
| DAOVault Template | [0xa08F32683cf80660780321DCD3e134048addc630](https://etherscan.io/address/0xa08F32683cf80660780321DCD3e134048addc630) |  |
| HarvestFarmer Template | [0xf7f0059CE41B1aaDa149b4BF30c53648Fdb86CC0](https://etherscan.io/address/0xf7f0059CE41B1aaDa149b4BF30c53648Fdb86CC0) |  |


#### Vaults

| Vaults             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| HarvestFighter USDT | [0x2Cc1507E6E3C844EEb77Db90d193489f1Ddfb299](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2Cc1507E6E3C844EEb77Db90d193489f1Ddfb299) | [0x35880615bb18DA592FF0fEb0940ADE2c02249715](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x35880615bb18DA592FF0fEb0940ADE2c02249715)  |
| HarvestFighter USDC | [0xd0f0858578C7780f2D65f6d81BC7DdBe166367cC](https://etherscan.io/address/0xd0f0858578C7780f2D65f6d81BC7DdBe166367cC) | [0x68b1C860300c4f7d577f08D8B3c3AEe23887b280](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x68b1C860300c4f7d577f08D8B3c3AEe23887b280 ) |
| HarvestFighter DAI  | [0xE4E6Ce7c1D9Ff44Db27f622aCcbB0753C2f48955](https://etherscan.io/address/0xE4E6Ce7c1D9Ff44Db27f622aCcbB0753C2f48955) | [0x6D7e8fA90C1ffdC019d691BAFC18D6362FdEeCd7](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x6D7e8fA90C1ffdC019d691BAFC18D6362FdEeCd7)  |

#### Strategies

| Strategies           | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Harvest-Farmer USDT | [0x89541E3b8e8B73c108744909eA11D506B4a8E6c7](https://etherscan.io/address/0x89541e3b8e8b73c108744909ea11d506b4a8e6c7) | [0xAc783Dc15d2CF08D1e1c34e18e531a9b182277b0](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xAc783Dc15d2CF08D1e1c34e18e531a9b182277b0) |
| Harvest-Farmer USDC | [0x0AF9547974E056fca221F679DbBb7F8651407D7F](https://etherscan.io/address/0x0af9547974e056fca221f679dbbb7f8651407d7f) | [0x7DA9e06545c4Fe6556FC0990F5AFD4955379E1D2](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x7DA9e06545c4Fe6556FC0990F5AFD4955379E1D2) |
| Harvest-Farmer DAI  | [0xEf9A15025C2ED048a67c5C8019A1101172EEB51c](https://etherscan.io/address/0xef9a15025c2ed048a67c5c8019a1101172eeb51c) | [0xdfeB689aEa68F221EaAFeEEb91767003265968D6](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xdfeB689aEa68F221EaAFeEEb91767003265968D6) |

### Flagship Products

#### Vaults

| Vaults             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DAO Citadel Vault | [0x8fE826cC1225B03Aa06477Ad5AF745aEd5FE7066](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8fE826cC1225B03Aa06477Ad5AF745aEd5FE7066) | [0x626C25cA5b86277f395c0E40DBdF51f2a302aB43](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x626C25cA5b86277f395c0E40DBdF51f2a302aB43)  |
| DAO FAANG Stonk Vault | [0x742a85daF742cA0213B06fdAE449434E0448691E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x742a85daF742cA0213B06fdAE449434E0448691E) | [0xd6AF81E5288Be43137dEBf969D7f2C03482C8cC1](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xd6AF81E5288Be43137dEBf969D7f2C03482C8cC1)  |

#### Strategies

| Strategies           | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DAO Citadel Strategy | [0x8a00046Ab28051a952e64a886cd8961ca90A59Bd](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8a00046Ab28051a952e64a886cd8961ca90A59Bd) | [0xc9939B0b2af53E8BeCBA22ab153795e168140237](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xc9939B0b2af53E8BeCBA22ab153795e168140237) |
| DAO FAANG Stonk Strategy | [0x50B9b72bfd352327f76ae59f8878653545376e59](https://etherscan.io/address/0x50B9b72bfd352327f76ae59f8878653545376e59) | [0xC0f43B6DB13E5988C92Aa8c7c286A51f493620D4](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xC0f43B6DB13E5988C92Aa8c7c286A51f493620D4) |


### Ape

#### Vaults

| Vaults             | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                                |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Elon's Ape Vault | [0x2D9a136cF87D599628BCBDfB6C4fe75Acd2A0aA8](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2D9a136cF87D599628BCBDfB6C4fe75Acd2A0aA8) | [0xf03fa8553379d872b4e2Bafbc679409Fb82604c2](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xf03fa8553379d872b4e2Bafbc679409Fb82604c2)  |
| Cuban's Ape Vault | [0x2AD9F8d4c24652Ea9F8A954F7E1FdB50a3bE1DFD](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2AD9F8d4c24652Ea9F8A954F7E1FdB50a3bE1DFD) | [0x5c304A6cB105E1BFf9805cA5CF072F1d2C3bEAC5](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x5c304A6cB105E1BFf9805cA5CF072F1d2C3bEAC5) |

#### Strategies

| Strategies           | Address                                                                                                               | Kovan Address                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Elon's Ape Strategy | [0x24D281dCc7d435500669459eAA393dC5200595B1](https://etherscan.io/address/0x24D281dCc7d435500669459eAA393dC5200595B1) | [0xa4f71f88bd522b33af3ae515caafa956bd1bbfa1](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0xa4f71f88bd522b33af3ae515caafa956bd1bbfa1) |
| Cuban's Ape Strategy | [0x7C0f84E9Dc6F721de21D51A490dE6E370fa01cd6](https://etherscan.io/address/0x7C0f84E9Dc6F721de21D51A490dE6E370fa01cd6) | [0x998372C8dC70833A7dC687020257302582FA5838](https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x998372C8dC70833A7dC687020257302582FA5838) |
